* [Minimum Viable App](https://github.com/valueflows/valueflows/wiki/Minimum-Viable-App) - elf Pavlik self assigned to task of writing it during last meeting
* common very generic property which relates Group and Person [agent#51(issuecomment-150240833)](https://github.com/valueflows/agent/issues/51#issuecomment-150240833) e.g. `vf:Group - vf:groups -> vf:Person`
* Skills [agent#8](https://github.com/valueflows/agent/issues/8) - elf Pavlik plans to meet Lars Zimmermann ([@Lars2i](https://github.com/Lars2i)) and discuss skills as inputs in [IPO tables](http://ipotables.net/). We may map skills relevant to circular economy during upcoming [COP21 related event](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1700795553486892)
* https://valueflo.ws next steps for website
* https://w3id.org/valueflows/ next PR
* When should we consider deciding on what if anything to use of existing vocabs for Agent scope?
* How do we understand idea of *data round trip*?


The chat:

Michael Williams
9:26 PM
https://github.com/valueflows/valueflows/wiki/Meetings#next
Lynn Foster
9:35 PM
provenance
me
9:38 PM
https://github.com/valueflows/agent/blob/master/examples/elf-pavlik.jsonld
https://github.com/valueflows/agent/blob/master/examples/hackers4peace.jsonld
Lynn Foster
9:51 PM
next steps :
website
Michael Williams
10:06 PM
add markdown file for each sub-vocab (agent, resource, ...), list candiates for re-use
https://dinosaur.is/linked-data-browser
http://dinosaur.is/linked-data-browser
